Database Creation with Error Checks:
  
The script starts by checking if the edu database exists using DB_ID('edu').
If it doesn''t exist, it creates the database; 
otherwise, it prints a message. This is useful for avoiding errors when re-running your script.


IF DB_ID('edu') IS NULL
BEGIN
    CREATE DATABASE edu;
END
ELSE
BEGIN
    PRINT 'Database already exists.';
END;
GO

  
Using USE and Batch Separators (GO):
The USE edu; statement switches the context to the newly created (or existing) database.
  Batch separators (GO) are used to signal the end of a batch, which is important for commands like CREATE DATABASE that need to be run in their own batch.

Conditional Table Creation:
  
Each table is created only if it doesn't already exist. 
  This is done with OBJECT_ID('dbo.tableName', 'U') IS NULL, which prevents errors when running the script multiple times.

Constraints and Constraint Naming:

Primary Keys: Every table has a primary key (e.g., subj_id, uni_id).
Check Constraints: Used to enforce data integrity (e.g., ensuring the semester is between 0 and 8).

semester SMALLINT CONSTRAINT ch_semester CHECK (semester >= 0 AND semester <= 8)
  
Default Constraints: Provide default values (e.g., rate defaults to 100).
  
Foreign Key Constraints: Ensure referential integrity by linking tables.
  
Naming constraints explicitly (e.g., fk_group_uni_id) is a best practice, as it makes maintenance easier and avoids conflicts.
  
Composite Primary Keys in Junction Tables:
The subjLect table is a junction table that models a many-to-many relationship between subjects and lecturers.
  It uses a composite primary key (combining subj_id and lecturer_id) to ensure each pairing is unique.


CONSTRAINT pk_subjLect PRIMARY KEY (subj_id, lecturer_id)
  
Cascading Actions:
In some foreign keys, cascading actions (like ON DELETE CASCADE) are used to automatically delete related records in child tables when a parent record is deleted. 
  However, caution is needed to avoid multiple cascade paths, which SQL Server disallows.

IF/ELSE Blocks: Used for conditional logic (e.g., checking if a database or table exists before creation).
Print Statements: PRINT is used to output messages in SQL Server for debugging or informational purposes.
